Little brother, you won't meet
Is there something unclean?
Unclean stuff
You don't know.
People have died in this well.
Now the second half of the night
The cries of women can always be heard in the well
Well, I know it was a young girl who died
Brother, the one I met just now was an old woman
Are you mistaken?
The scourge is all one skin and ten faces
How can you tell the difference?
Little brother, I advise you.
Just go.
Leave it alone and do as it should be said
Had to thrill three punches
Put the rice on the well surface
Gone my rice thick ah
Still with the old woman
Ahhhhh
Old wife, where have you been just now?
Cold stomach ache
Go to the woods over there
Gee! You scared me to death!
I really thought you were the one
What is it really?
Hey no no no
Is everything okay?
Yes, old lady
Let me tell you something.
The water in this well is not clean
What if you want to fetch water?
Let's fight by the river
It's okay.
My family planted a vegetable plot
Pick it back and water it
Trumpet.
The line for watering the vegetable field
Then you wait
Boy it's dark
I have bad eyes
Can you help me send the water back again?
Okay, give it away to the end
Send Buddha to the West?
I'll send you back later.
Boy, you are so kind